What's a marriage like? Items in the valve that are easy to this. So one
fill it out. Offer for the officers if you're a degree. Also, we're
on the packet as about form. It's in the war Fighting. Well, if you
fill that one out, okay. And you're sending a message. Words lives
with Ward that Well, perhaps not the greatest war fighter. So this
is where you have to watch A little blocks filled out. The red flag
is one block is missed or not observed. If if the CEO choose. Not observed
alone, not observes. Needs to be explained in lock 41. You have
a little one. Why? Uh oh, I observe, because you just rewarded award
to skill. And the super had a change of command. So we have a chance
with her. Okay, that is okay. You wanna hate against all the other
officers that have been there for half? Okay, He's gonna take care
of you. So, red flags. You have to be careful on that one. Any not
observed, you know, just be like, and then you know what? Anything
less than 50 I know that seems a lot, you know, But you know why?
What happened? It's a lot more we want is the chance to explain. So
another thing to do. You know, seriously, you have tohave day for day
accountability off your fit. Well, if you were in trains it somewhere.
If you took a month, just four months of school training in route
to your new ship, you better put that on the new ships, you know,
so you can see So the figure of Ward C Day for day coverage huge red
flag. If there is a gap in your coverage, you know what happened.
What do you do for a day? You're off. You can have a day off. It's got
to be explained somewhere. Okay? I was in transit. I was at school.
I was traveling. All that needs to be explained in the block. Okay?
And you know, if the award one thing to do if you leave a command
and you've been nominated for a meritorious service medal, you've been
nominated for the lead. Okay, but it hasn't been received yet, but
you gotta go to your next demand. Well, make sure that it says on
the ship that you're leaving. Nominated for Meritorious Service medal.
And then when you get to your new command, it is a well regarded,
meritorious service medal for performance. On my last minute, it's
got to be explained leaving. And the last thing I would say about awards,
no words. Look, I see, um, but awards everyone is expected to
have a going away metal or award messages when you don't have a war.
That's the message that the old man says to the board saying, You're
not worth it now The fact that everyone has in a war but this How
do you break that? That means you have to somehow break out during
your tour and get your war. So you admit to award and an inventory ward.
Oh well, that you I do walk off water elevated three feet of all
deserves. Okay, so it's tricky. I think about awards. Your master
it, you'll do good. I wish you well with it. It's a pretty system. Was
the system that we have, and I think it's more honest than what this
06 has observed from the Air Force in the Army. You said it in the
army, maybe difference other perspectives all together, and it's
going to be